I think you write a word the mafra sintra
and he showed you a right way to speak, for example if I put
air the letter of the fugitive success
the music stays more or less like this in this program that takes her way
carlos fuchs had with you
the no way
they went to court with you if you want
know what will happen
one day we'll do it later we'll see
same program
we can hear for example the music version
I had not we had
I see this way
Juninho
I do not want
I do mine
My wife does not let
were not finished
here you can use and on your computer
anyone can use the beach
even has a class here diego to make good defense all depends on a pizza
through this program, these friends from Rio de Janeiro decided to do exactly
that
this video was posted this month already had more than 500 thousand hits and you
confer
if this pizza request
if she wants
now with the call to prayer
dumont
in addition the institute's website
we wanted to win
try to imitate another half Canadian patetice
bruno
there
now
fault
Marisa
do not need
air
for that it's okay - guaranteed the spot in the back
in addition to making a joke greater than the commission
on the agenda day
I think it was him but he was grandson and success to him with a good late
Clay doll playing are experienced as a personal thing
was on the other side seemed to be suspicious of anything or
I have is that the pizza arrived even though it arrived very fast arrived per year by
signal
and we also sent an hour that said that she was Dutch, I left her
believes he was skinny and could not speak Portuguese
I understood that you thought you would succeed everywhere on the internet.
of 100 thousand air visits
was the pressure and came to work this way as soon as he has a minority in the Senate
who wants to travel
we were veiled for most of his life as a boy player
and its neighbor of 1 ml and skinny
and she just made an order and it radiates confirmed type
it was the request and the attendant people only who is there knows what it is to know who
was the incident with filmed you're doing and is still hospitalized in the morning
was your girlfriend
7th branch of the farm that is not well prepared to collaborate on the highway
charter
child's play was neither recorded nor entered as
acquisitions that the translator
she jumped for 3ds already made some of those not
30-year-old was born shortly after that friends returned to pianist
we do successfully is that the repercussion
to have become famous on the internet a joke like this one in the trash and not
had a staff already here within 60 days
r10 that was to be expected
the next day in another extended version dedication hours raising the
we're done
we made 28 of the world is essential because compatible with friends soon
if you heard you have 108 the world liked and started sharing share
Franco-Brazilian fuel company took proportions to give the girl's mother the
back plate cent
all the cariocas, thanks for the usual audience